cd /media/elahi/My Passport/general/lucene/QAInterface; JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/java-1.11.0-openjdk-amd64 /usr/local/netbeans-12.4/netbeans/java/maven/bin/mvn -Dexec.vmArgs= "-Dexec.args=${exec.vmArgs} -classpath %classpath ${exec.mainClass} ${exec.appArgs}" -Dexec.executable=/usr/lib/jvm/java-1.11.0-openjdk-amd64/bin/java -Dexec.mainClass=Main -Dexec.classpathScope=runtime -Dexec.appArgs= org.codehaus.mojo:exec-maven-plugin:3.0.0:exec
Running NetBeans Compile On Save execution. Phase execution is skipped and output directories of dependency projects (with Compile on Save turned on) will be used instead of their jar artifacts.
Scanning for projects...

Some problems were encountered while building the effective model for com.howtodoinjava.demo:LuceneExamples:jar:0.0.1-SNAPSHOT
'build.plugins.plugin.version' for org.apache.maven.plugins:maven-shade-plugin is missing. @ line 32, column 33

It is highly recommended to fix these problems because they threaten the stability of your build.

For this reason, future Maven versions might no longer support building such malformed projects.


---------------< com.howtodoinjava.demo:LuceneExamples >----------------
Building QAInterface-lucene 0.0.1-SNAPSHOT
--------------------------------[ jar ]---------------------------------

--- exec-maven-plugin:3.0.0:exec (default-cli) @ LuceneExamples ---
search::planet
!!!!!!!!!!!find results!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :: 
Toral Results :: 6940
result!!!!!!!

the founder of Planet Moon Studios?
the founders of Planet Moon Studios?
the founder of Planet Mu?
the founders of Planet Mu?
the founder of Planet Records?
the founders of Planet Records?
the founder of 13th Planet Records?
the founders of 13th Planet Records?
the founder of AiT/Planet Lar?
the founders of AiT/Planet Lar?
the founder of Lonely Planet?
the founders of Lonely Planet?
Who are the founders of Planet Mu?
Who is the founder of Planet Mu?
Who was the founder of Planet Mu?
Who are the founders of Planet Records?
Who is the founder of Planet Records?
Who was the founder of Planet Records?
Who are the founders of Lonely Planet?
Who is the founder of Lonely Planet?
Who was the founder of Lonely Planet?
the game by Blue Planet Software?
the games by Blue Planet Software?
What speaks A Patchwork Planet?
What spoke A Patchwork Planet?
What speaks A Planet for the President?
What spoke A Planet for the President?
What speaks Animal Planet?
What spoke Animal Planet?
What speaks Big Planet?
What spoke Big Planet?
What speaks Bikini Planet?
What spoke Bikini Planet?
What is the headquarter of Planet S?
What was the headquarter of Planet S?
What is the headquarter of Animal Planet?
What was the headquarter of Animal Planet?
Who found Lonely Planet?
Who founded Lonely Planet?
Whom is Lonely Planet found?
Whom was Lonely Planet found?
Who found Planet Mu?
Who founded Planet Mu?
Whom is Planet Mu found?
Whom was Planet Mu found?
Who found Planet Records?
Who founded Planet Records?
Whom is Planet Records found?
Whom was Planet Records found?
the headquarter of Planet S?
the headquarter of Small Planet Airlines?
the headquarter of Animal Planet?
the headquarter of Animal Planet Canada?
the headquarter of Animal Planet Asia?
the headquarter of Animal Planet Germany?
the headquarter of Berkeley Daily Planet?
the creator of Captain Planet and the Planeteers?
the creators of Captain Planet and the Planeteers?
the creator of Cartoon Planet?
the creators of Cartoon Planet?
the creator of Ego the Living Planet?
the creators of Ego the Living Planet?
the creator of Frozen Planet?
the creators of Frozen Planet?
the creator of Gruen Planet?
the creators of Gruen Planet?
the creator of Planet B?
the creators of Planet B?
the creator of Planet Forward?
the creators of Planet Forward?
the creator of Planet Nerd?
the creators of Planet Nerd?
the creator of Planet Sheen?
the creators of Planet Sheen?
the creator of Planet Unicorn?
the creators of Planet Unicorn?
the creator of Pulse of the Planet?
the creators of Pulse of the Planet?
the creator of Return to the Planet of the Apes?
the creators of Return to the Planet of the Apes?
the creator of Angry Planet?
the creators of Angry Planet?
Who are the creators of Pulse of the Planet?
Who is the creator of Pulse of the Planet?
Who was the creator of Pulse of the Planet?
Who are the creators of Planet B?
Who is the creator of Planet B?
Who was the creator of Planet B?
Who are the creators of Planet Forward?
Who is the creator of Planet Forward?
Who was the creator of Planet Forward?
Who are the creators of Planet Nerd?
Who is the creator of Planet Nerd?
Who was the creator of Planet Nerd?
Who are the creators of Planet Sheen?
Who is the creator of Planet Sheen?
Who was the creator of Planet Sheen?
Who are the creators of Planet Unicorn?
Who is the creator of Planet Unicorn?
Who was the creator of Planet Unicorn?
Who are the creators of Angry Planet?
Who is the creator of Angry Planet?
Who was the creator of Angry Planet?
Who are the creators of Cartoon Planet?
Who is the creator of Cartoon Planet?
Who was the creator of Cartoon Planet?
Who are the creators of Frozen Planet?
Who is the creator of Frozen Planet?
Who was the creator of Frozen Planet?
Who are the creators of Gruen Planet?
Who is the creator of Gruen Planet?
Who was the creator of Gruen Planet?
Who was Lonely Planet inspired by?
Who was inspired by Lonely Planet?
When was Lonely Planet founded?
the game by AiT/Planet Lar?
the games by AiT/Planet Lar?
the music composer of Echo Planet?
the music composers of Echo Planet?
the music composer of Fantastic Planet?
the music composers of Fantastic Planet?
the music composer of Fight for the Planet?
the music composers of Fight for the Planet?
the music composer of Forbidden Planet?
the music composers of Forbidden Planet?
the music composer of Planet 51?
the music composers of Planet 51?
the music composer of Planet Prince?
the music composers of Planet Prince?
the music composer of Planet Terror?
the music composers of Planet Terror?
Who created A Patchwork Planet?
Who creates A Patchwork Planet?
Who created A Planet for the President?
Who creates A Planet for the President?
Who writes A Patchwork Planet?
Who wrote A Patchwork Planet?
Who writes A Planet for the President?
Who wrote A Planet for the President?
What published Bad Planet?
What publishes Bad Planet?
What published Big Planet?
What publishes Big Planet?
What published A Patchwork Planet?
What publishes A Patchwork Planet?
What published A Planet for the President?
What publishes A Planet for the President?
Who created Big Planet?
Who creates Big Planet?
Who created Bikini Planet?
Who creates Bikini Planet?
Who created Daft Planet?
Who creates Daft Planet?
Who writes Big Planet?
Who wrote Big Planet?
Who writes Bikini Planet?
Who wrote Bikini Planet?
Who writes Daft Planet?
Who wrote Daft Planet?
the founding year of People & Planet?
the founding year of Planet 24?
the founding year of Planet Fitness?
the founding year of Planet Hollywood?
the founding year of Planet Mu?
the founding year of Planet Records?
the founding year of Planet Smoothie?
the founding year of Planet Sub?
the founding year of Visual Planet?
Who was developed by Lonely Planet?
Who was developed by Planet Sub?
the founding year of Lonely Planet?
the number of locations of Planet Fitness?
the member of Phantom Planet?
the members of Phantom Planet?
the member of Planet Funk?
the members of Planet Funk?
the member of Planet Hemp?
the members of Planet Hemp?
the member of Planet Soul?
the members of Planet Soul?
the member of Planet X band?
the members of Planet X band?
Who are the members of Phantom Planet?
Who is the member of Phantom Planet?
Who was the member of Phantom Planet?
Who are the members of Planet Funk?
Who is the member of Planet Funk?
Who was the member of Planet Funk?
Who are the members of Planet Hemp?
Who is the member of Planet Hemp?
Who was the member of Planet Hemp?
Who are the members of Planet Soul?
Who is the member of Planet Soul?
Who was the member of Planet Soul?
Who was produced by Lonely Planet?
Who was produced by Planet Sub?
When was Planet PC commenced?
the headquarter of Endangered Planet Foundation?
the headquarter of Heavenly Planet?
the headquarter of Cannabis Planet?
the headquarter of 13th Planet Records?
the cost of Battle for the Planet of the Apes?
the costs of Battle for the Planet of the Apes?
the cost of Beneath the Planet of the Apes?
the costs of Beneath the Planet of the Apes?
What are the costs of Forbidden Planet?
What is the cost of Forbidden Planet?
What was the cost of Forbidden Planet?
What are the costs of Planet 51?
What is the cost of Planet 51?
What was the cost of Planet 51?
What are the costs of Treasure Planet?
What is the cost of Treasure Planet?
What was the cost of Treasure Planet?
Who directed Battle Planet?
Who directs Battle Planet?
the cost of Conquest of the Planet of the Apes?
the costs of Conquest of the Planet of the Apes?
the cost of Forbidden Planet?
the costs of Forbidden Planet?
the cost of Planet 51?
the costs of Planet 51?
the cost of Red Planet film?
the costs of Red Planet film?
the cost of Rise of the Planet of the Apes?
the costs of Rise of the Planet of the Apes?
the cost of Save the Green Planet!?
the costs of Save the Green Planet!?
the cost of The Angry Red Planet?
the costs of The Angry Red Planet?
the cost of Treasure Planet?
the costs of Treasure Planet?
Who starred in Angry Planet?
Who starrs in Angry Planet?
Who starred in Battle Planet?
Who starrs in Battle Planet?
Who played Angry Planet?
Who playes Angry Planet?
Who played Battle Planet?
Who playes Battle Planet?
Who is known for Pulsar planet?
Who was known for Pulsar planet?
What is known for Pulsar planet?
What was known for Pulsar planet?
What is known for Minor planet?
What was known for Minor planet?
Who is known for Minor planet?
Who was known for Minor planet?
the music composer of Treasure Planet?
the music composers of Treasure Planet?
the music composer of The Lost Planet?
the music composers of The Lost Planet?
the location of 13th Planet Records?
the location of Cannabis Planet?
the location of Endangered Planet Foundation?
the location of Heavenly Planet?
Who published A Patchwork Planet?
Who publishes A Patchwork Planet?
Who published A Planet for the President?
Who publishes A Planet for the President?
Who published Bad Planet?
Who publishes Bad Planet?
Who published Big Planet?
Who publishes Big Planet?
the successor of Planet Satellite?
Who are the hosts of Gruen Planet?
Who is the host of Gruen Planet?
Who was the host of Gruen Planet?
Who are the hosts of Planet Forward?
Who is the host of Planet Forward?
Who was the host of Planet Forward?
Who are the hosts of Pulse of the Planet?
Who is the host of Pulse of the Planet?
Who was the host of Pulse of the Planet?
Who are the hosts of State of the Planet?
Who is the host of State of the Planet?
Who was the host of State of the Planet?
Who are the hosts of The Living Planet?
Who is the host of The Living Planet?
Who was the host of The Living Planet?
the host of Animal Planet Zooventure?
the hosts of Animal Planet Zooventure?
the host of Earth: The Power of the Planet?
the hosts of Earth: The Power of the Planet?
the host of Frys Planet Word?
the hosts of Frys Planet Word?
the host of Gruen Planet?
the hosts of Gruen Planet?
the host of How to Grow a Planet?
the hosts of How to Grow a Planet?
the host of Planet Forward?
the hosts of Planet Forward?
the host of Pulse of the Planet?
the hosts of Pulse of the Planet?
the host of State of the Planet?
the hosts of State of the Planet?
the host of The Living Planet?
the hosts of The Living Planet?
the music composer of The Living Planet?
the music composers of The Living Planet?
the book in Planet of Adventure?
the books in Planet of Adventure?
the book in Planet of the Apes novel?
the books in Planet of the Apes novel?
the book in Lost Planet?
the books in Lost Planet?
the first season of Devils Planet?
the first seasons of Devils Planet?
the music composer of Frozen Planet?
the music composers of Frozen Planet?
the music composer of Human Planet?
the music composers of Human Planet?
the music composer of Planet Sheen?
the music composers of Planet Sheen?
the music composer of The Blue Planet?
the music composers of The Blue Planet?
What are the books in Lost Planet?
What is the book in Lost Planet?
What was the book in Lost Planet?
What are the books in Planet of Adventure?
What is the book in Planet of Adventure?
What was the book in Planet of Adventure?
When was Planet Forward completed?
When was Planet Mechanics completed?
When was Planet Sheen completed?
When was Planet Tolex completed?
When was Planet Unicorn completed?
What produced Planet Stories?
What produces Planet Stories?
the completion date of Daft Planet?
the completion date of Planet Forward?
the completion date of Planet Mechanics?
the completion date of Planet Sheen?
the completion date of Planet Tolex?
the completion date of Planet Unicorn?
When was Daft Planet completed?
the autobiography of Out of the Silent Planet?
the autobiography of Parasite Planet?
the autobiography of Planet Google?
the autobiography of Planet Simpson?
the autobiography of Planet of Exile?
the autobiography of Planet of Judgment?
the autobiography of Planet of the Apes novel?
the autobiography of Red Planet novel?
the autobiography of Red Planet Noir?
the autobiography of Shampoo Planet?
the autobiography of Stowaway to the Mushroom Planet?
the autobiography of The Forgotten Planet?
------------------------------------------------------------------------
BUILD SUCCESS
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total time:  0.874 s
Finished at: 2022-05-12T10:29:14+02:00
------------------------------------------------------------------------

