cd /media/elahi/My Passport/general/lucene/QAInterface; JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/java-1.11.0-openjdk-amd64 /usr/local/netbeans-12.4/netbeans/java/maven/bin/mvn -Dexec.vmArgs= "-Dexec.args=${exec.vmArgs} -classpath %classpath ${exec.mainClass} ${exec.appArgs}" -Dexec.executable=/usr/lib/jvm/java-1.11.0-openjdk-amd64/bin/java -Dexec.mainClass=Main -Dexec.classpathScope=runtime -Dexec.appArgs= org.codehaus.mojo:exec-maven-plugin:3.0.0:exec
Running NetBeans Compile On Save execution. Phase execution is skipped and output directories of dependency projects (with Compile on Save turned on) will be used instead of their jar artifacts.
Scanning for projects...

Some problems were encountered while building the effective model for com.howtodoinjava.demo:LuceneExamples:jar:0.0.1-SNAPSHOT
'build.plugins.plugin.version' for org.apache.maven.plugins:maven-shade-plugin is missing. @ line 32, column 33

It is highly recommended to fix these problems because they threaten the stability of your build.

For this reason, future Maven versions might no longer support building such malformed projects.


---------------< com.howtodoinjava.demo:LuceneExamples >----------------
Building QAInterface-lucene 0.0.1-SNAPSHOT
--------------------------------[ jar ]---------------------------------

--- exec-maven-plugin:3.0.0:exec (default-cli) @ LuceneExamples ---
search::president of
!!!!!!!!!!!find results!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :: 
Toral Results :: 130987
result!!!!!!!
the president of Abdus Sattar president?
which President was won by President | Award_NP?
the president of James Strong college president?
the president of Paul Mooney college president?
What is the president of Abdus Sattar president?
What was the president of Abdus Sattar president?
the location of The President?
the president of A. A. Fredericks?
the president of A. A. MacLeod?
the president of A. Aiyappan?
the president of A. Amirthalingam?
the president of A. Krishnaswamy?
the president of A. Ravichandran?
the president of A. Sampath?
the president of A. Soundararajan?
the president of A. Tamilarasi?
the president of A. Venkatachalam?
the president of Ambareesh?
the president of Amirmachmud?
the president of An Le?
the president of Anandacharlu?
the president of Andrew To?
the president of Assaat?
the president of Baabar?
the president of Bajkam?
the president of Bayanqolu?
the president of Boediardjo?
the president of Boediono?
the president of Chiranjeevi?
the president of Crixus?
the president of Ebilun?
the president of Fatmawati?
the president of Fukanggan?
the president of Gannicus?
the president of Haalilio?
the president of Hazairin?
the president of Heshen?
the president of Jayalalithaa?
the president of Karunanidhi?
the president of Kayode Are?
the president of Maladi?
the president of Mayawati?
the president of Moeljatno?
the president of Oboi?
the president of Pompey?
the president of Raghunathrao?
the president of Rainilaiarivony?
the president of Ronglu?
the president of Sahardjo?
the president of Samonas?
the president of Soekarwo?
the president of Soepomo?
the president of Spartacus?
the president of Subandrio?
the president of Sudharmono?
the president of Suksaha?
the president of Sushun?
the president of Suswono?
the president of Sutanto?
the president of Sutomo?
the president of Sveneld?
the president of U.Thaniyarasu?
the president of Vanlalzawma?
the president of Vijayakanth?
the president of Vijayashanti?
the president of Will Duckworth?
the president of Will Hodgman?
the president of Will Sessoms?
the president of Will Weatherford?
the president of Will Wilson?
the president of Will Wynn?
the president of Wilopo?
the president of Wongsonegoro?
What is Paul Mooney college president 's president?
What is the president of Paul Mooney college president?
What was Paul Mooney college president 's president?
What was the president of Paul Mooney college president?
What is James Strong college president 's president?
What is the president of James Strong college president?
What was James Strong college president 's president?
What was the president of James Strong college president?
What is Abdus Sattar president 's president?
What was Abdus Sattar president 's president?
the location of The President Alberta?
the location of The Vice President?
What is The President 's location?
What is the location of The President?
What was The President 's location?
What was the location of The President?
What is the location of The President Alberta?
What was the location of The President Alberta?
What is the location of The Vice President?
What was the location of The Vice President?
Where is The President located?
in which countries are The President located?
in which country are the The President?
in which country is The President located?
in which country is the The President?
what country is The President in?
Where is The President Alberta located?
in which country are the The President Alberta?
in which country is the The President Alberta?
what country is The President Alberta in?
Where is The Vice President located?
in which country are the The Vice President?
in which country is the The Vice President?
what country is The Vice President in?
Who was President founded by?
Who was founded by President?
Who were founded by President?
Whom did President found?
which organisation was founded by President?
which Agent was founded by President?
Who was won by President?
Who were won by President?
which scientist was won by President?
the game by Vice president?
the games by Vice president?
What speaks A Planet for the President?
What spoke A Planet for the President?
the king of Office of the President of Croatia?
the kings of Office of the President of Croatia?
What is the headquarter of President Airlines?
What was the headquarter of President Airlines?
the headquarter of Office of the President of Croatia?
the headquarter of President Airlines?
the vice president of Abdirahman Farole?
the vice president of Abdurrahman Wahid?
the vice president of Afonso Pena?
the vice president of Agha Shahi?
the vice president of Ahmad Behzad?
the vice president of Albert Hale?
the vice president of Alberto Fujimori?
the vice president of Alejandro Toledo?
the vice president of Alexander Ankvab?
the vice president of Alfredo Baldomir?
the vice president of Alfredo Palacio?
the vice president of Andrew Jackson?
the vice president of Anerood Jugnauth?
the vice president of Anil Bachoo?
the vice president of Anote Tong?
the vice president of Antonio Saca?
the vice president of Arif Alvi?
the vice president of Arthur Barclay?
the vice president of Arturo Alessandri?
the vice president of Ashraf Qazi?
the vice president of Asian University?
the vice president of Bailey Olter?
the vice president of Barack Obama?
the vice president of Ben Shelly?
the vice president of Benigno Ferreira?
the vice president of Benjamin Franklin?
the vice president of Benjamin Harrison?
the vice president of Benjamin Mkapa?
the vice president of Benyoucef Benkhedda?
the vice president of Bill Clinton?
the vice president of Boris Yeltsin?
the vice president of Branko Hrg?
the vice president of Calvin Coolidge?
the vice president of Carlos Garaikoetxea?
the vice president of Carlos Menem?
the vice president of Cassam Uteem?
the vice president of Cezar Peluso?
the vice president of Charles Burson?
the vice president of Charlie Vig?
the vice president of Choummaly Sayasone?
the vice president of Corazon Aquino?
the vice president of Cynthia Hogan?
the vice president of Daniel Ortega?
the vice president of Danilo Medina?
the vice president of David Addington?
the vice president of Dilma Rousseff?
the vice president of Diosdado Macapagal?
the vice president of Doris Leuthard?
the vice president of Dzhokhar Dudayev?
the vice president of Edna Madzongwe?
the vice president of Eduardo Lonardi?
the vice president of Eduardo Zaplana?
the vice president of Edwin Barclay?
the vice president of Edwin Foulke?
the vice president of Eligio Ayala?
the vice president of Elpidio Quirino?
the vice president of Emilio Aceval?
the vice president of Emilio Aguinaldo?
the vice president of Enomoto Takeaki?
the vice president of Enrique Hertzog?
the vice president of Ernesto Geisel?
the vice president of Ernesto Samper?
the vice president of Evan Ryan?
the vice president of Evo Morales?
the vice president of Federico Franco?
the vice president of Ferdinand Marcos?
the vice president of Fernando Lugo?
the vice president of Festus Mogae?
the vice president of Fidel Castro?
the vice president of Florencio Randazzo?
the vice president of Francisco Rabanal?
the vice president of Francisco Robles?
the vice president of Franklin Pierce?
the vice president of Fulgencio Batista?
the vice president of Garry Mallett?
the vice president of George Washington?
the vice president of Georgi Parvanov?
the vice president of Gerald Ford?
the vice president of Gerardo Machado?
the vice president of Goodluck Jonathan?
the vice president of Gregorio Pacheco?
the vice president of Grover Cleveland?
the vice president of Guadalupe Victoria?
the vice president of Gualberto Villarroel?
the vice president of Guillermo Endara?
the vice president of Gustavo Noboa?
the vice president of Hamid Karzai?
the vice president of Herbert Hoover?
the vice president of Hilla Limann?
the vice president of Hosni Mubarak?
the vice president of Hu Jintao?
the vice president of Hubert Maga?
the vice president of Hugo Banzer?
the vice president of Hussein Mwinyi?
the vice president of Ian Khama?
the vice president of Idi Amin?
the vice president of Ieremia Tabai?
the vice president of Igor Smirnov?
the vice president of Imran Khan?
the vice president of Itamar Franco?
the vice president of Jabulani Sibanda?
the vice president of Jacob Nena?
the vice president of Jakaya Kikwete?
the vice president of Jalal Talabani?
the vice president of James A. Garfield?
the vice president of James Buchanan?
the vice president of James Madison?
the vice president of James Michel?
the vice president of James Monroe?
the vice president of Jamil Mahuad?
the vice president of Jared Bernstein?
the vice president of Javed Hashmi?
the vice president of Jefferson Davis?
the vice president of Jerry Rawlings?
the vice president of Jiang Zemin?
the vice president of Jimmy Carter?
the vice president of John Adams?
the vice president of John Garang?
the vice president of John Kufuor?
the vice president of John Momis?
the vice president of Johnson Toribiong?
the vice president of Jomo Kenyatta?
the vice president of Josefa Iloilo?
the vice president of Joseph Deiss?
the vice president of Joseph Estrada?
the vice president of Joseph Kabui?
the vice president of Joyce Banda?
the vice president of Julius Malema?
the vice president of Julius Nyerere?
the vice president of Juscelino Kubitschek?
the vice president of Kailash Purryag?
the vice president of Karl Offmann?
the vice president of Kaspar Villiger?
the vice president of Kelsey Begaye?
the vice president of Khamtai Siphandon?
the vice president of Kuniwo Nakamura?
the vice president of Larry Balow?
the vice president of Laura Chinchilla?
the vice president of Lazarus Salii?
the vice president of Leo Falcam?
the vice president of Levy Mwanawasa?
the vice president of Li Xiannian?
the vice president of Li Yuanhong?
the vice president of Loyola Schools?
the vice president of Macario Sakay?
the vice president of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad?
the vice president of Makarios III?
the vice president of Manny Mori?
the vice president of Manuel Bulnes?
the vice president of Manuel Quintana?
the vice president of Manuel Roxas?
the vice president of Manuel Zelaya?
the vice president of Mario Draghi?
the vice president of Mark Mwandosya?
the vice president of Massoud Barzani?
the vice president of Mauricio Funes?
the vice president of Megawati Sukarnoputri?
the vice president of Michael Crozier?
the vice president of Michael Sata?
the vice president of Mike Donilon?
the vice president of Mikhail Gorbachev?
the vice president of Mireya Moscoso?
the vice president of Mohamed Morsi?
the vice president of Mohamed Nasheed?
the vice president of Mohammad Khatami?
the vice president of Moises Vela?
the vice president of Moritz Leuenberger?
the vice president of Mwai Kibaki?
the vice president of Nicanor Duarte?
the vice president of Nicolas Sarkozy?
the vice president of Nkululeko Sibanda?
the vice president of Ollanta Humala?
the vice president of Olusegun Obasanjo?
the vice president of Omar Bongo?
the vice president of Osvaldo Hurtado?
the vice president of Pascal Couchepin?
the vice president of Petar Stoyanov?
the vice president of Peterson Zah?
the vice president of Phil Schubert?
the vice president of Pierre Nkurunziza?
the vice president of Pranab Mukherjee?
the vice president of Pratibha Patil?
the vice president of R. Venkataraman?
the vice president of Rafael Correa?
the vice president of Rafael Reyes?
the vice president of Rajendra Prasad?
the vice president of Ramon Magsaysay?
the vice president of Rashid Beebeejaun?
the vice president of Ricardo Martinelli?
the vice president of Robert Mugabe?
the vice president of Robert Wilkie?
the vice president of Romano Prodi?
the vice president of Ron Klain?
the vice president of Ronald Reagan?
the vice president of Ronald Rodgers?
the vice president of Ronald Venetiaan?
the vice president of Rosen Plevneliev?
the vice president of Rupiah Banda?
the vice president of Ruth Dreifuss?
the vice president of Sam Houston?
the vice president of Samia Suluhu?
the vice president of Samuel Doe?
the vice president of Samuel Schmid?
the vice president of Santiago Derqui?
the vice president of Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan?
the vice president of Sarwar Danish?
the vice president of Saw Maung?
the vice president of Scooter Libby?
the vice president of Seretse Khama?
the vice president of Sergei Bagapsh?
the vice president of Shehu Shagari?
the vice president of Siad Barre?
the vice president of Stanley Crooks?
the vice president of Sudafi Henry?
the vice president of Suharto?
the vice president of Sukarno?
the vice president of Syngman Rhee?
the vice president of Tancredo Neves?
the vice president of Teatao Teannaki?
the vice president of Teburoro Tito?
the vice president of Terezya Huvisa?
the vice president of Thein Sein?
the vice president of Theodore Roosevelt?
the vice president of Thomas Atcitty?
the vice president of Thomas Jefferson?
the vice president of Tommy Remengesau?
the vice president of Tony Benn?
the vice president of Ueli Maurer?
the vice president of Vicente Guerrero?
the vice president of Vicente Rocafuerte?
the vice president of Violeta Chamorro?
the vice president of Vyacheslav Shtyrov?
the vice president of Wang Jingwei?
the vice president of William Kristol?
the vice president of William Tubman?
the vice president of Wim Duisenberg?
the vice president of Woodrow Wilson?
the vice president of Xi Jinping?
the vice president of Yahya Jammeh?
the vice president of Yang Shangkun?
the vice president of Yordan Sokolov?
the vice president of Yoweri Museveni?
the vice president of Yuan Shikai?
the vice president of Zachary Taylor?
the vice president of Zail Singh?
the vice president of Zhang Jilong?
the vice president of Zhelyu Zhelev?
Who created A Planet for the President?
Who creates A Planet for the President?
Who writes A Planet for the President?
Who wrote A Planet for the President?
What published A Planet for the President?
What publishes A Planet for the President?
Who created Duck for President?
Who creates Duck for President?
Who writes Duck for President?
Who wrote Duck for President?
Who are the members of Electric President?
Who is the member of Electric President?
Who was the member of Electric President?
What served President Airlines?
What serves President Airlines?
the member of Black President band?
the members of Black President band?
the member of Electric President?
the members of Electric President?
the member of Head Phones President?
the members of Head Phones President?
Who designed Shadow President?
Who designs Shadow President?
the headquarter of American President Lines?
the headquarter of Hotel President?
What is the president of Lucius Fairchild?
What was the president of Lucius Fairchild?
What is the president of Lucky Igbinedion?
What was the president of Lucky Igbinedion?
What is the president of Lucy Baxley?
What was the president of Lucy Baxley?
What is the president of Lucy Kibaki?
What was the president of Lucy Kibaki?
What is the president of Lucy Torres?
What was the president of Lucy Torres?
What is the president of Ludovic Orban?
What was the president of Ludovic Orban?
What is the president of Ludwig Erhard?
What was the president of Ludwig Erhard?
What is the president of Ludwig Scotty?
What was the president of Ludwig Scotty?
What is the president of Ludwig Steeg?
What was the president of Ludwig Steeg?
What is the president of Luis Alejo?
What was the president of Luis Alejo?
What is the president of Luis Castiglioni?
What was the president of Luis Castiglioni?
What is the president of Luis CdeBaca?
What was the president of Luis CdeBaca?
What is the president of Luis Durnwalder?
What was the president of Luis Durnwalder?
What is the president of Luis Juez?
What was the president of Luis Juez?
What is the president of Luis Miquilena?
What was the president of Luis Miquilena?
What is the president of Luis Negreiros?
What was the president of Luis Negreiros?
What is the president of Luis Ossio?
What was the president of Luis Ossio?
What is the president of Luis Villafuerte?
What was the president of Luis Villafuerte?
What is the president of Luit Bieringa?
What was the president of Luit Bieringa?
What is the president of Luiz Fux?
What was the president of Luiz Fux?
What is the president of Luiz Gushiken?
What was the president of Luiz Gushiken?
What is the president of Luke Donnellan?
What was the president of Luke Donnellan?
What is the president of Luke Foley?
What was the president of Luke Foley?
What is the president of Luke McNamee?
What was the president of Luke McNamee?
What is the president of Luke Ouellette?
What was the president of Luke Ouellette?
What is the president of Luke Ravenstahl?
What was the president of Luke Ravenstahl?
What is the president of Lula Wardlow?
What was the president of Lula Wardlow?
What is the president of Lulama Xingwana?
What was the president of Lulama Xingwana?
What is the president of Lulzim Basha?
What was the president of Lulzim Basha?
What is the president of Luo Huining?
What was the president of Luo Huining?
What is the president of Lupe Valdez?
What was the president of Lupe Valdez?
What is the president of Lutfozzaman Babar?
What was the president of Lutfozzaman Babar?
What is the president of Luther Bradish?
What was the president of Luther Bradish?
What is the president of Luther Day?
What was the president of Luther Day?
What is the president of Luther Lawrence?
What was the president of Luther Lawrence?
What is the president of Luther Olsen?
What was the president of Luther Olsen?
What is the president of Luzviminda Ilagan?
What was the president of Luzviminda Ilagan?
What is the president of Luzviminda Tancangco?
What was the president of Luzviminda Tancangco?
What is the president of Lyda Verstegen?
What was the president of Lyda Verstegen?
What is the president of Lydia Arsens?
What was the president of Lydia Arsens?
What is the president of Lykke Friis?
What was the president of Lykke Friis?
What is the president of Lyle Oberg?
What was the president of Lyle Oberg?
What is the president of Lyle Vanclief?
What was the president of Lyle Vanclief?
What is the president of Lyman Duff?
What was the president of Lyman Duff?
What is the president of Lyn McLeod?
What was the president of Lyn McLeod?
What is the president of Lynda Haverstock?
What was the president of Lynda Haverstock?
What is the president of Lynden Pindling?
What was the president of Lynden Pindling?
What is the president of Lyndon A. Smith?
------------------------------------------------------------------------
BUILD SUCCESS
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total time:  1.694 s
Finished at: 2022-05-12T10:02:47+02:00
------------------------------------------------------------------------

